Kaptain 2.0.0 Docs install folder (#4313)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kaptain/2.0.0/install/konvoy-dkp/index.md

For cloud installations, scaling out can be limited by resource quotas.

## Prerequisites for DKP 2.x

-   A DKP cluster with the following Platform applications enabled:

    - Istio
    - Knative

-   [`kubectl`][kubectl] on your installation machine

-   For multi-cluster environments (Enterprise license): Ensure you have configured [Kaptain to authenticate with a Management Cluster][dex]. 

-   For DKP 2.x, ensure the following applications are enabled in Kommander:

    1. Use the existing Kommander configuration file, or initialize the default one:

    ```bash
    kommander install --init > kommander-config.yaml
    ```

    1. Ensure the following applications are enabled in the config:

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: config.kommander.mesosphere.io/v1alpha1
    kind: Installation
    apps:
      ...
      dex:
      dex-k8s-authenticator:
      kube-prometheus-stack:
      istio:
      knative:
      minio-operator:
      traefik:
      nvidia:  # to enable GPU support
      ...
    ```

    1. For GPU deployment, follow the instructions in [Kommander GPU documentation][kommander-gpu].

    1. Apply the new configuration to Kommander:
    
    ```bash

>     kommander install --installer-config kommander-config.yaml

Author: ```suggestion
    dkp install kommander --installer-config kommander-config.yaml
```

Author: this change has to be made everywhere 🙈

    ```

>     Check [Kommander installation documentation][kommander-install] for more information.

Reviewer: Do we need lines 54 to 88? Or is this still necessary @lukeogg @alembiewski

---
layout: layout.pug
navigationTitle: Install Kaptain on DKP 2.x
title: Install Kaptain on DKP 2.x
menuWeight: 8
excerpt: Install Kaptain on DKP 2.x
beta: false
enterprise: false
---

<p class="message--warning"><strong>WARNING: </strong>
Kaptain deploys to all clusters in your selected Workspace. If you do not want to deploy Kaptain to a certain cluster, you must move it to another Workspace.
</p>

## Requirements

Before proceeding, verify that your environment meets the following basic requirements:

- Control plane
  - min. 3 nodes
  - min. 4 cores _per node_
  - min. 200 GiB free disk space _per node_
  - min. 16 GiB RAM _per node_
- Workers
  - min. 6 nodes
  - min. 8 cores _per node_
  - min. 200 GiB free disk space _per node_
  - min. 32 GiB RAM _per node_
- GPUs (optional)
  - NVIDIA only
  - min. 200 GiB free disk space per instance
  - min. 64 GiB RAM per instance
  - min. 12 GiB GPU RAM per instance

Please note that these numbers are for the bare minimum.
Running any real world machine learning workloads on Kaptain bumps these requirements for nodes, CPUs, RAM, GPUs, and persistent disks.

> In particular, the number of CPU and/or GPU workers, as well as RAM, must be increased considerably.

Author: @gvasquezvargas

> In particular, the number of CPU and/or GPU workers, as well as RAM, must be increased considerably.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In particular, the number of CPU or GPU workers, or both, and RAM, must be increased considerably.
```

> The amounts depend on the number, complexity, and size of the workloads, as well as the amount of metadata and log data stored with each run.

Author: @gvasquezvargas

> For on-premise installations, horizontal scalability is limited by the overall size of the cluster and its quotas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For on premise installations, horizontal scalability is limited by the overall size of the cluster and its quotas.
```

> For on-premise installations, horizontal scalability is limited by the overall size of the cluster and quotas therein.

Author: @gvasquezvargas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For on-premise installations, horizontal scalability is limited by the overall size of the cluster and its quotas.
```

For cloud installations, scaling out can be limited by resource quotas.

## Prerequisites for DKP 2.x

- A DKP cluster with the following Platform applications enabled:

  - Istio
  - Knative

- [`kubectl`][kubectl] on your installation machine

- For multi-cluster environments (Enterprise license): Ensure you have configured [Kaptain to authenticate with a Management Cluster][dex].

- For DKP 2.x, ensure the following applications are enabled in Kommander:

  1. Use the existing Kommander configuration file, or initialize the default one:

  ```bash

>   kommander install --init > kommander-config.yaml

Author: ```suggestion
  dkp install kommander --init > kommander-config.yaml
```

  ```

  1. Ensure the following applications are enabled in the config:

  ```yaml
  apiVersion: config.kommander.mesosphere.io/v1alpha1
  kind: Installation
  apps:
    ...
    dex:
    dex-k8s-authenticator:
    kube-prometheus-stack:
    istio:
    knative:
    minio-operator:
    traefik:
    nvidia:  # to enable GPU support
    ...
  ```

  1. For GPU deployment, follow the instructions in [Kommander GPU documentation][kommander-gpu].

  1. Apply the new configuration to Kommander:

  ```bash

>   kommander install --installer-config kommander-config.yaml

Author: ```suggestion
  dkp install kommander --installer-config kommander-config.yaml
```

  ```
  Check [Kommander installation documentation][kommander-install] for more information.

<p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>Starting from the 1.3 release, Spark Operator is no longer installed by default with Kaptain.</p>

In case you need to run Spark jobs on Kubernetes using Spark Operator, it needs to be installed separately.
Use the following instructions to install Spark Operator from Kommander Catalog for your target platform:
[Konvoy 1.x][install-spark-konvoy1] or [DKP 2.x][install-spark-dkp2]

## Install Kaptain

- Install the [kubectl-kudo CLI plugin][kudo_cli]

- After the Konvoy cluster has been deployed (including Istio and KNative), install KUDO:

  ```bash
  kubectl kudo init --wait
  ```

- Download [kubeflow-1.4.0_1.3.0.tgz][download] tarball.
<p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>Starting with Kaptain 1.2.0, automatic profile creation on initial login is now disabled by default. See <a href="../../user-management">User Management</a> for more details.</p>

- Set required configuration based on the target platform:
  - When installing on Konvoy 1.x, add the following configuration to `parameters.yaml` file:
  ```bash

>   cat >> parameters.yaml << END

Author: seems like this line messed with github code highlighting... possibly the reason why vale crashes?
